== Ride-Lab.com README
=== 

You are currently reading the README of Ride-Lab's source code.

== Introduction / What is Ride-Lab ?
Ride-Lab.com is a crowdfunding website around sport.
The original purpose is to provide a way of financing all kind of projects concerning mountain bike, surf, ski, snowboard... every freeride sport !
Ride-Lab will help small companies to create new and original sporting devices.
We strongly believe crowfunding can be the ideal way of financing the creation of custom devices.

The name is a mix between Freeride and Lab (experiment, innovation...).

== Source code
Ride-Lab repository is https://github.com/jeroulevert/catarse

Ride-Lab source is based on Catarse (https://github.com/catarse/catarse).
You can see the software in action at http://catarse.me.
Catarse and Ride-Lab are beeing developed in Ruby, on Rails.

Catarse software was first created as Brazil's first crowdfunding platform. Thus, it was made in Portuguese and with a brazilian payment gateway. It is still under internationalization. 

== Getting started
The best way is to read Ride-Lab wiki at https://github.com/jeroulevert/catarse/wiki
You will find everything needed to build your own development environment.


== How to contribute
You can create a pull request at https://github.com/jeroulevert/catarse/pulls


== Credits
Original credits for Catarse : see Catarse Readme.

Ride-Lab Contributors: Paulo Geyer

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Softa

Licensed under the MIT license (see MIT-LICENSE file)
